Develop a Java program that prompts the user to enter an integer and determine whether it is a prime number or not.

A prime number is one that is only divisible by 1 and itself, with no other divisors. The program will check whether the entered number meets this condition.


Write a Java program that displays odd numbers from x to y in descending order.

Create a Java program that simulates a supermarket cash register to return change for a purchase. Request the total amount of money you have in the cash register (x) and the purchase value (y) as an integer.
You should use bills of 100, 50, 20, 10, 5, 2, or 1 to return the change, starting with the highest value bills.

Create a Java program that asks the user for an integer (x) and displays the product of its prime factors. Prime factors are prime numbers that exactly divide a number without leaving a remainder.

Create a Java program that requests a number (x) and displays the result of multiplying that number by 10. The program should repeat until the user enters 0.USING WHILE LOOP

Create a Java program that requests a number (x) and displays the result of multiplying that number by 10. The program should repeat using the do-while statement until a negative number is entered. When a negative number is entered, the program will stop.USING DO WHILE LOOP

Create a Java program that requests a number (x) and a quantity (y) from the user. Then, display that number as many times as the specified quantity (y).

Create a Java program that asks the user for an integer (x) and displays it in hexadecimal and binary. The program should repeat until the user enters a 0.

Create a Java program that displays hexadecimal numbers from 0 to 255 in a table with 16 rows, each containing 16 numbers.

Write a Java program that calculates and displays the number of digits in a positive integer. If the user enters a negative number, the program will show a warning and proceed with the absolute value of the number.


Develop a Java program that prompts the user to enter two integers (x, y) and displays the range of numbers between these values, including both endpoints, in three different ways:
Using the for control structure.
Using the while control structure.
Using thedo-while control structure.
Develop a Java program that allows the user to specify a range of numbers (x, y) and, subsequently, generates and displays the multiplication tables for each number in that range, from 1 to 10.






